# EventPlanner
Event planner app for RIK .net programmer test exerise.

# Description of the project
The task was to develop a WebApp for planning events and participants in those events.
Technology used:
Razor pages- to generate CRUD pages.
EF Core- to generate database from declared Entity classes and Database context options.
xUnit- to write tests.
Moq- to help writing tests.
Bootstrap- for UI design.
The app uses basic CRUD pages generated by 

    dotnet aspnet-codegenerator razorpage
    
Application navigates between these pages to add, edit, show and delete events or participants of these events.


# App info
Users can add events which have- name, location, happening time and description.
Each event can have 2 types of participants- Businesses or Persons.

Next to each event there is a dropdown to add participants.
And a X to delete that event.
Each participant has a value of the event that they are attending to, participant count, payment option and additional information.
In addition to that, person participants have- first name, last name and identification code.
Business extra fields are- business name, register code.

Payment option entity is added internally to have more payment options available in the future.

# How to use
To use this application, you need to have at least .NET version 6 and an IDE with .NET6 support.
Usage tested on Rider and Visual Studio 2022 for Mac Preview version.

Navigate to your preferred folder in your computers terminal app and enter the command below.

    git clone https://github.com/RagnarKramm/EventPlanner.git
    
After that open that folder with your preferred IDE and start the code from WebApp.Program.cs
